Adding my profile to the Women of Open Source Speakers Directory (#41)
womenofopensource/womenofopensource.github.io: docs/_speakers/dawn-foster.md

---
title: Dawn Foster
name: Dawn Foster
pronouns: she/her                         # optional (e.g. she/her, they/them, he/him)

> slug: dawn-foster                        # URL: /speakers/ada-lovelace

Reviewer: Good to ignore this, it's a comment. Silly Copilot!

    delivered_at:
      - Open Source Summit NA 2026
      - CHAOSScon EU 2026
      - OSPOlogy Live Lyon 2025
  - title: "Power Dynamics, Rug Pulls, and Other Corporate Impacts on OSS Sustainability"
    abstract: "Learn more about the power dynamics and steps that you can take to make better decisions about which OSS projects to embrace. [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-2L9DLFc8A)"
    delivered_at:
      - SCALE 2026
      - Open Source Summit EU 2025
      - FOSSY 2025
      - Monkigras 2025
  - title: "Proactive Governance to Build Sustainable Open Source Projects"
    abstract: "Details about the importance of governance, how to define project governance, using governance as a pathway to leadership, creating an intentional culture, and making project ownership (e.g., individual, organization, foundation) decisions. [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSBmq2AUM18&list=PLbzoR-pLrL6p2URzlq8xlNtBhPspd2xpi)"
    delivered_at:
      - Open Source Summit NA, 2026

> hero_image: '/images/speakers/hero-dawn-foster.jpg

Reviewer: This one does need fixing :)

---

Dr. Dawn Foster is an OSS strategy consultant. She is also on the board of CHAOSS, OpenUK, and the Software Stewardship Lab. She is a TODO Group Ambassador and was previously a co-chair of the CNCF Contributor Strategy Technical Advisory Group. She has 20+ years of experience at companies like VMware and Intel with expertise in community, strategy, governance, and metrics. She has spoken at over 100 industry events and has a BS in computer science, an MBA, and a PhD. In her spare time she enjoys reading science fiction, running, 3D printing, and traveling.

> You can see all of her past talks at https://fastwonderblog.com/speaking/

Reviewer: This is breaking on lint because it's a bare URL, let's fix that:

```suggestion
You can see all of her past talks on [her speaking page](https://fastwonderblog.com/speaking/).
```
